Welcome to section number twelve on authentication and data security in this section and we're going
to focus on locking down all of the data for the task manager app.
Right now all of the API endpoints are publicly accessible.
That means anyone can come along and do something like delete every single piece of data in the database.
And obviously that's a problem.
So in this section we're going to lock all of that down putting it behind authentication.
That means users will need to sign up and log in before they're going to be able to do something like
create a task or fetch a list of their tasks by forcing users to log in.
We're also going to be able to setup a relationship between a user and the tasks they've created.
That's going to make sure that user 1 can't delete a task or even see a task created by user number
two.
So in this section we're going to talk about authentication passwords security database data relationships
and more.
Let's jump right in.